Update binary installation and related documents (#760)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/binary/binary-setup.adoc

== Introduction

This description gives a brief overview and can be used as basic template running the ocis binary, including an example of how to configure systemd. It does not cover extended deployment tasks or how to manage trusted certificates.

{description} like a xref:deployment/container/orchestration/orchestration.adoc[container orchestration] or using a xref:depl-examples/bare-metal.adoc[reverse proxy]. Of course you can use it for production in your environment, too. See the xref:availability_scaling/availability_scaling.adoc[Availability and Scalability] documentation for impacts. 

[IMPORTANT]
====

> This binary setup description makes the following assumtions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This binary setup description makes the following assumptions:
```

NOTE: You cannot instantiate runtime services though you can define which services should start or be excluded from starting. See xref:deployment/general/general-info.adoc#managing-services[Managing Services] for more details.

==== Accessing the Infinite Scale Runtime

When you have configured and started the Infinite Scale _runtime_ either xref:starting-infinite-scale[manually] or via xref:setting-up-systemd-for-infinite-scale[systemd] as described below, you can access it via a browser using `\https://localhost:{ocis_port}`.

include::partial$multi-location/idm-https-reverse-proxy.adoc[]

> The example commands shown below have no environment variables or command line options for ease of reading, add them according your requirements::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example commands shown below have no environment variables or command line options for ease of reading, add them according to your requirements::
```

== Setting up systemd for Infinite Scale

> Note that the procedure assumes that a fresh setup from scratch is made. In case not, you must relocate and adapt an existing config file.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the procedure assumes that a fresh setup from scratch is made. If not, you must relocate and adapt an existing config file.  
```
